So that's it for this module. In the next module, we're going to practice these things. In this module,
we had a closer look at CSS class selectors
again, you learned that you can use more than one on the same element.
We had a look at how we can chain selectors by adding them directly after each other
and you learned the class selectors are the most used type of CSS selectors due to their flexibility
and that they're really built for CSS.
We had a brief look at important and the core message here, is don't use it unless in very unlikely
edge cases
and we had a look at pseudo selectors and mostly at not here.
You learned about pseudo selectors in the last module already and you should explore other possibilities
with the help of MDN but not can be interesting, though
I did warn you that in general, you should try to write the positive case instead of using not. And last
but not least, don't forget about checking browser support when using a certain feature.